integration of design specification, defined terms and introduction sections review (#594)
italia/eid-wallet-it-docs: docs/en/brand-identity.rst

IT-Wallet System Brand Identity
###############################

The IT-Wallet Brand Identity defines the system's personality and it’s expressed through a set of standardized elements, including its naming and Visual Identity. It strengthens and promotes the Trust Model at the basis of the entire ecosystem,  that is to say the framework that legitimizes the Actors' participation in the IT-Wallet System and ensures the security and integrity of its processes. 

> The Trust Model must be able to provide Users with clear evidence of the legitimate participation of the actors in the ecosystem and the reliability of the Touchpoints they interact with. Therefore, it is important to strengthen the User awareness and trust in the ecosystem by integrating coherent graphical elements into the Technical Solutions and across the various Touchpoints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to strengthen the User awareness and trust in the ecosystem by integrating coherent graphical elements into the Technical Solutions and across the various Touchpoints.
```

Author: technical solutions and touchpoints are defined terms

> This section outlines the minimum requirements that Primary Actors must meet to ensure a proper application of the IT-Wallet System Brand Identity, to achieve a uniform, consistent, and recognizable visual presence, and deliver a high-quality User Experience.

Reviewer: is "IT-Wallet System Brand Identity" a defined term?

Author: Brand Identity is a defined term, IT-Wallet System also

Naming
******

"IT-Wallet System" is the official name that MUST be used in all written and verbal contexts, both physical and digital. Below are the requirements for the correct spelling and pronunciation: 

- The use of uppercase letters for "IT" and the initials of "Wallet" and "System" MUST be followed; 

- The hyphen (“-”) between "IT" and "Wallet" MUST be used without any spacing; 

- The correct pronunciation of "IT" MUST be followed, with the two letters "I" and "T" pronounced separately. In Italian, the correct pronunciation is /i ti/, not /it/, while in English, it is /ˌaɪ ˈtiː/, not /ɪt/, /aɪt/, or /ɪti/. 

Visual Identity
***************

The IT-Wallet System has its own Visual Identity. All actors within the ecosystem MUST ensure that their Visual Identity and that of their Technical Solutions are distinct yet compatible and cohesive with the Visual Identity of IT-Wallet System. Specifically: 

> - Primary Actors MUST define the Visual Identity of their Technical Solutions; 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Primary Actors MUST define the Visual Identity of their Technical Solutions; 
```
The visual identity of the primary actors of the technical solution is independent from the visual identity of the IT-Wallet solution

Author: see comment [below](https://github.com/italia/eid-wallet-it-docs/pull/594/files/df910863fd87662eca45138aedf553dcf9beb177?diff=split&w=0#r2045056322)

- The Visual Identity of the Technical Solutions MUST clearly differ from the IT-Wallet Sistem Visual Identity; 

- The IT-Wallet System Visual Identity MUST NOT be used to represent any Technical Solution within the System or any other solution. 

> Official graphic resources defining the IT-Wallet System Visual Identity, along with the associated recommendations for its application across various components, are available on the website www.wallet.gov.it. The following sections detail the key requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official graphic resources defining the IT-Wallet System Visual Identity, along with the associated recommendations for its application across various components, are available on the website `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. The following sections detail the key requirements.
```

Logo
====

> The logo is the official graphic element that ensures immediate recognition of the IT-Wallet System and promotes its reliability. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Logo is the official graphic element that ensures immediate recognition of the IT-Wallet System and promotes its reliability. 
```

> The logo is the official graphic element that ensures immediate recognition of the IT-Wallet System and promotes its reliability. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Logo is the official graphic element that ensures immediate recognition of the IT-Wallet System and promotes its reliability. 
```

The following requirements apply to its use in both physical and digital contexts (e.g., websites, apps, documents, printed materials, videos, etc.): 

- The Logo MUST be used exclusively to represent the IT-Wallet System and MUST NOT be used to identify a specific IT-Wallet Solution; 

- The Logo MUST be used exactly as provided in the official resources and MUST comply with the usage specifications outlined in the supporting recommendations; 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

- The Logo MUST be in the application/svg+xml data format;

```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

- The Logo MUST be in the application/svg+xml data format;

```

- The Logo MUST NOT be altered, distorted, modified, or replaced by unofficial logos; 

- The Logo MUST maintain the minimum clear space as defined in the supporting recommendations to ensure visibility and recognizability. No other graphic or textual elements MUST interfere with this space; 

- The Logo MUST NOT be resized below the minimum dimensions specified in the supporting recommendations to maintain legibility across formats and devices; 

- The Logo MUST NOT be placed on backgrounds that compromise its visibility or legibility. Adequate contrast between the Logo and the background MUST be ensured, in line with the supporting recommendations; 

- The Logo MAY be displayed alongside other actors’ logos, trademarks, or symbols, in accordance with the coexistence specifications regarding proportions and visibility, as defined in the supporting recommendations. 

> 

Reviewer: must logo format be implemented in SVG format?

@steps88 ^

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- The Logo must be in the application/svg+xml data format.

```

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

> Trust Mark

Reviewer 4: Non mi è chiaro cosa si intenda per "elemento grafico ufficiale che certifica l'appartenenza al Sistema IT-W".
Si intende un elemento grafico in aggiunta a quello che sarà il logo ufficiale del sistema? Sarà solo un elemento visivo statico oppure si prevede qualche interazione con esso?

Reviewer: non userei il termine "certifica"

idealmente il trust mark dovrebbe essere verificabile crittograficamente

Reviewer 3: Rivediamo il termine "certifica".
Per rispondere alle domande di @MatteoPaletta:
- Non escludiamo che nell'aspetto grafico il trustmark possa concidere con il logo. tuttavia è corretto che formalmente questi due oggetti rimangano distinti perché assolvono ad una funzione differente. Ad esempio, spid ha sia un logo che una sorta di trustmark. Quest'ultima è una declinazione grafica del primo.
- In accordo con eIDAS il trustmark dovrebbe essere verificabile (a questo link il topic di conversazione a livello europeo https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/technical-specifications/ts1-eudi-wallet-trust-mark.md)

Reviewer 3: Modifichiamo il termine "certifica".
Per rispondere alle domande di @MatteoPaletta :
- Logo e Trustmark potrebbero visivamente anche coincidere, è una scelta che si prenderà nel tavolo branding. Ma al nello dell'aspetto grafico, restano due oggetti distinti che assolvono ad obiettivi distinti. Volendo fare un paragono con spid, abbiamo il logo di spid e poi una sua variante con la spunta verde che è come se fosse il trustmark.
- Basandoci su eIDAS il trustmark dovrà essere verificabile. Non c'è ancora una posizione o soluzione definitiva su questo. Qui il topic di discussione sui tavoli europei https://github.com/eu-digital-identity-wallet/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/blob/main/docs/technical-specifications/ts1-eudi-wallet-trust-mark.md

Author: Abbiamo rivisto "certifica" con "garantisce"

==========

> The Trust Mark is the official graphic element that certifies the belonging of Primary Actors and their respective Technical Solutions to the IT-Wallet System. 

Author: ```suggestion
The Trust Mark is the official graphic element that guarantees the belonging of Primary Actors and their respective Technical Solutions to the IT-Wallet System. 
```

@MatteoPaletta @peppelinux

- The Trust Mark MUST be used exactly as provided in the official resources and MUST comply with the usage specifications outlined in the supporting recommendations to ensure proper visibility throughout all the stages of the User Experience; 

- The Trust Mark MUST NOT be altered, distorted, modified, or replaced by unofficial elements; 

- The Trust Mark MUST NOT be resized below the minimum dimensions specified in the supporting recommendations to maintain legibility across formats and devices; 

- The Trust Mark MUST maintain the minimum clear space as defined in the supporting recommendations to ensure visibility and recognizability. Other graphic or textual elements MUST NOT interfere with this space; 

- The Trust Mark MUST NOT be placed on backgrounds that compromise its visibility or legibility. Adequate contrast between the Trust Mark and the background MUST be ensured, in line with the supporting recommendations; 

- The Trust Mark MAY be displayed alongside other actors’ logos, trademarks, or symbols, in accordance with the coexistence specifications regarding proportions and visibility, as defined in the supporting recommendations. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

Author: In the preview space, the link is correctly read when without brackets. This is meant to be an external link.

Reviewer: `<>_` makes it an interactive href

Components
==========

> Components are the elements of the IT-Wallet System that enable the User to interact with several Technical Solutions via its IT-Wallet Instance, during the different phases of the User Experience. Official graphic resources defining the visual design of these components along with the associated recommendations for their application are available on the website www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components are the elements of the IT-Wallet System that enable the User to interact with several Technical Solutions via its IT-Wallet Instance. Official graphic resources defining the visual design of these components along with the associated recommendations for their application are available on the website `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

> Components are the elements of the IT-Wallet System that enable the User to interact with several Technical Solutions via its IT-Wallet Instance, during the different phases of the User Experience. Official graphic resources defining the visual design of these components along with the associated recommendations for their application are available on the website www.wallet.gov.it. 

Author: ```suggestion
Components are the elements of the IT-Wallet System that enable the User to interact with several Technical Solutions via their Wallet Instance. Official graphic resources defining the visual design of these components along with the associated recommendations for their application are available on the website `www.wallet.gov.it`<https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

These resources provide both complex components, such as templates to support entire workflows, and atomic components, like individual elements (e.g. Engagement Buttons) to be integrated into existing interfaces. The key requirements are as follows: 

- Primary Actors MUST use official resources and MUST comply with the usage specifications outlined in the supporting recommendations; 

- Primary Actors MAY choose from the available configurations, but MUST ensure the correct use of atomic components, such as the Engagement Buttons; 

- Primary Actors MUST keep components up to date, in line with the latest available version. 
 

Authentication Button
=====================

The Authentication Button is a type of Engagement Button. 

> Verifiers MUST make the Authentication Button available within the digital Interface of their Technical Solutions to allow the User to log into their services through its IT-Wallet Instance. Official graphic resources defining the visual appearance of the Authentication Button along with the associated recommendations for its proper implementation are available on the website www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiers MUST make the Authentication Button available within the digital Interface of their Technical Solutions to allow the User to log into their services through its IT-Wallet Instance. Official graphic resources defining the visual appearance of the Authentication Button along with the associated recommendations for its proper implementation are available on the website `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

> Verifiers MUST make the Authentication Button available within the digital Interface of their Technical Solutions to allow the User to log into their services through its IT-Wallet Instance. Official graphic resources defining the visual appearance of the Authentication Button along with the associated recommendations for its proper implementation are available on the website www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifiers MUST make the Authentication Button available within the digital Interface of their Technical Solutions to allow the User to get authenticated into their services through the IT-Wallet Instance. Official graphic resources defining the visual appearance of the Authentication Button along with the associated recommendations for its proper implementation are available on the website `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

> The following are general requirements: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Authentication button has the following requirements: 
```

Author: ```suggestion
The Authentication Button has the following requirements:
```

> - The Authentication Button MUST be used exactly as provided in the official resources and MUST comply with the usage specifications outlined in the supporting recommendations; 

Reviewer: which are the official resources?

Reviewer: where are the recommendations?

Author: ```suggestion
- The Authentication Button MUST be used exactly as outlined in the official resources; 
```

- The Authentication Button MUST be visually distinguishable from other Authentication Buttons or action buttons; 

> - The Authentication Button MUST be used only in the shapes, sizes, and proportions defined by the supporting recommendations and MUST NOT be altered, distorted, or hidden; 

Author: ```suggestion
- The Authentication Button MUST be used only in the shapes, sizes, and proportions defined by the official resources and MUST NOT be altered, distorted, or hidden; 
```

- The Authentication Button MUST be responsive to all screen resolutions and MUST meet minimum usability and accessibility requirements. 

> For further details and resources, please refer to www.wallet.gov.it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

> For further details and resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 

Author: ```suggestion
For further details and official resources, please refer to `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. 
```

- The Visual Identity of the Technical Solutions MUST clearly differ from the IT-Wallet Sistem Visual Identity; 

- The IT-Wallet System Visual Identity MUST NOT be used to represent any Technical Solution within the System or any other solution. 

Official graphic resources defining the IT-Wallet System Visual Identity, along with the associated recommendations for its application across various components, are available on the website `www.wallet.gov.it <https://www.wallet.gov.it>`_. The following sections detail the key requirements.

Logo
====

The Logo is the official graphic element that ensures immediate recognition of the IT-Wallet System and promotes its reliability. 

The following requirements apply to its use in both physical and digital contexts (e.g., websites, apps, documents, printed materials, videos, etc.): 

- The Logo MUST be used exclusively to represent the IT-Wallet System and MUST NOT be used to identify a specific IT-Wallet Solution; 

- The Logo MUST be used exactly as provided in the official resources and MUST comply with the usage specifications outlined in the supporting recommendations; 

> - The Logo MUST be in the application/svg+xml data format;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Logo MUST be in the ``application/svg+xml`` data format;
```

For further details, please refer to the Official Resources.

Naming
******

"IT-Wallet System" is the official name that MUST be used in all written and verbal contexts, both physical and digital. Below are the requirements for the correct spelling and pronunciation: 

- The use of uppercase letters for "IT" and the initials of "Wallet" and "System" MUST be followed; 

- The hyphen (“-”) between "IT" and "Wallet" MUST be used without any spacing; 

- The correct pronunciation of "IT" MUST be followed, with the two letters "I" and "T" pronounced separately. In Italian, the correct pronunciation is /i ti/, not /it/, while in English, it is /ˌaɪ ˈtiː/, not /ɪt/, /aɪt/, or /ɪti/. 

Visual Identity
***************

The IT-Wallet System has its own Visual Identity. All actors within the ecosystem MUST ensure that their Visual Identity and that of their Technical Solutions are distinct yet compatible and cohesive with the Visual Identity of IT-Wallet System. Specifically: 

- Primary Actors MUST define the Visual Identity of their Technical Solutions; 

> - The Visual Identity of the Technical Solutions MUST clearly differ from the IT-Wallet Sistem Visual Identity; 

Reviewer 5: We actually believe that there must be consistency, and in the IT Wallet Public solution we intended to use the Visual Identity of the System. Can we remove this MUST?

Author: @Alicea92 @AntoPaparella We revised this content:

"- Primary Actors MUST define the Visual Identity of their Technical Solutions; 
- The Visual Identity of the Technical Solutions MUST clearly differ from the IT-Wallet Sistem Visual Identity; 
- The IT-Wallet System Visual Identity MUST NOT be used to represent any Technical Solution within the System or any other solution." 

with this >>>>>>

Specifically, all Primary Actors MAY use the Official Resources related to the Visual Identity of the IT-Wallet System. Their use MUST be exclusively aimed at representing the participation in the IT-Wallet System and not at replacing the Visual Identity of their own Technical Solutions.

- The IT-Wallet System Visual Identity MUST NOT be used to represent any Technical Solution within the System or any other solution. 

Logo
====

The Logo is the official graphic element that ensures immediate recognition of the IT-Wallet System and promotes its reliability. 

The following requirements apply to its use in both physical and digital contexts (e.g., websites, apps, documents, printed materials, videos, etc.): 

> - The Logo MUST be used exclusively to represent the IT-Wallet System and MUST NOT be used to identify a specific Wallet Solution; 

Reviewer 5: We think that the Logo of the IT-Wallet System could be used by all the entities, wallet providers, issuers and so on freely. Can we remove this MUST?

Author: We added a bullet point saying:

- the Logo MAY be used by anyone referring to the IT-Wallet System; 

and modified
> - The Logo MUST be used exclusively to represent the IT-Wallet System and MUST NOT be used to identify a specific Wallet Solution;
 
as follows: 

- the Logo MUST be used to represent the IT-Wallet System or the participation to the IT-Wallet System and MUST NOT be used to identify a specific Technical Solution; 

We believe the MUST should stay in order to avoid that a Wallet Solution might sell or propose themselves as the only official IT-Wallet Solution.
